1. Write a program that swaps the values of variables M and N. You are not allowed to use
a third variable. You are not allowed to perform arithmetic on M and N.
2. Assume a suitable value for temperature of a city in Fahrenheit degrees. Write a program
to convert this temperature into centigrade degrees and print both temperature.
3. Any year is input through the keyboard. Write a program to determine whether the year is
a leap year or not.
4. Write a program to find out the minimum of three numbers.
5. Given 3 points (x1, y1), (x2, y2) and (x3, y3) Write a program to check if all the 3 points
fall on straight line.
6. Given the coordinates (x, y) of center of a circle and its radius, write a program that will
determine whether a point lies inside the circle, on the circle or outside the circle.
7. Write a program to print all prime numbers from 1 to 300.
8. Write a program to print all Armstrong numbers between 1 and 500.
9. Write a program to generate all Pythagorean Triplets with side length less than or equal
to 30.
10. Write a program to implement a Stack data structure.
11. Write a program implement a Queue data structure.
12. Suppose a list has 15 numbers. Write a program that removes all duplicates from this list.
13. Suppose a date is represented as a tuple (d,m,y). Write a program to create two date
tuples and find the number of days between the two dates.
14. Write a program to carry out the following operations on the given set
S={12,-2,56,1 ,67,3}
-number of items in set S
-maximum element in set S
-minimum element in set S
-sum of all element in set S
-obtain a new sorted set from S, set S remaining unchanged
-report whether 40 is a member of the set
-report whether 1 is an element of set S
15. Create a list of cricketers. Use this list to create a dictionary in which the list value
become key values of the dictionary. Set the values of all keys to 50 in the dictionary
created.
16. Write a program to sort a dictionary in ascending / descending order by value.